1 Mark
1. State the property of closure of rational numbers under addition.
2. State the property of closure of rational numbers under multiplication.
3. Define an irrational number.
4. Give an example of an irrational number.
5. State the property of commutativity of addition for rational numbers.
6. State the property of commutativity of multiplication for rational numbers.
7. State the property of associativity of addition for rational numbers.
8. State the property of associativity of multiplication for rational numbers.
9. Define a prime number.
10. Give an example of a prime number.

2 Mark
1. Prove that √2 is an irrational number.
2. If √5 is irrational, what can you say about √(5/3)?
3. State and prove the Euclid's Division Lemma.
4. State and prove the Fundamental Theorem of Arithmetic.
5. Prove that the sum of three consecutive natural numbers is always divisible by 3.
6. If p is a prime number, what can you say about the value of √p?
7. State and prove the property of the commutativity of addition for rational numbers.
8. Prove that the square of any rational number is either positive or zero.
9. Prove that if p is a rational number and q is an irrational number, then their product pq is always irrational.
10. State and prove the property of the commutativity of multiplication for rational numbers.

3 Mark
1. State and prove the property of the associativity of addition for rational numbers.
2. Prove that the cube root of any prime number is irrational.
3. Prove that if a and b are two irrational numbers, then their sum a + b is also irrational.
4. State and prove the property of the associative law of addition for rational numbers.
5. Prove that if p and q are rational numbers, then their product pq is also a rational number.
6. Prove that the sum of the squares of any two consecutive natural numbers is always odd.
7. If p is a prime number, can √p be expressed in the form a/b, where a and b are integers? Justify your answer.
8. Prove that there are infinitely many irrational numbers between any two rational numbers.
9. State and prove the Rational Root Theorem.
10. Prove that the square root of any prime number (other than a perfect square) is irrational.

5 Mark
1. Prove that the sum of a rational number and an irrational number is always irrational.
2. Prove that the sum of two irrational numbers can be rational.
3. Prove that √3 is irrational using Euclid's Division Lemma.
4. Prove that there are infinitely many prime numbers.
5. Prove that if p is a rational number and q is an irrational number, then their product pq is always irrational.
6. Prove that if a and b are two irrational numbers, then their product ab is also irrational.
7. Prove that the square root of any prime number (other than a perfect square) is irrational.
8. Prove that the cube root of any prime number is irrational.
9. Prove that the sum of the cubes of any three consecutive natural numbers is divisible by 9.
10. Prove that there are infinitely many irrational numbers between any two rational numbers.
